hitler not included (maybe...)
This text is sponsored by RAID Shadow Legends
we take no responsibility for lost brain cells
now with 110% more chaos!
if you hear screaming its probably just the code
its not too late to back out
if you find herobrine, you didnt
sanity is overrated anyway
why are you still reading these
just added 10 mobs, we dont know what they do either
probably has more bugs than your house
did we mention there's 5 amoguses?
this mod ate my homework
may contain traces of actual logic (jk)
insert random keyboard smash here
expect the unexpected
dont press half your keyboard ig?
if you can explain this mod, you get a cookie (its prob poisoned)
your skills wont save you here buddy
we're pretty sure this mod is sentient
if life gives you lemons, add them to this mod (maybe they'll explode)
we didnt break minecraft, we just remodeled it... with sledgehammers
dont ask me why there are 5 amoguses, i dont know either
run while you can
are you sure you want to do this?
welcome to the fever dream you didnt know you needed
if "wtf" is your main reaction, we've succeeded
your therapist has been warned
we're not responsible for any sudden urges to throw your computer out the window.
the only thing more chaotic than this mod is our code
is this a mod or a social experiment? we're not sure
loading...or are we just pretending to load?
this mod is the reason aliens havent contacted us yet
we're not saying the mod is broken, but it might be possessed
loading.. please sacrifice a goat to appeal to the code gods
logic, whats that?
dont worry the screaming chickens are (mostly) harmless
did you know that... wait what was i going to say?
now with extra existential dread... it's gluten-free!
we regret nothing. well, maybe a few things..
this mod seemed like a good idea at the time
ever wanted to build a house out of pee? well now you can!
the laws of physics are taking a coffee break
we're pretty sure this mod violates a few laws... but who's keeping track?
we'd apologize for the chaos, but it's way too much fun
keep your sanity above 50 or else!
loading... or maybe the hamsters powering the code went on strike
forget everything you knew about minecraft. this isnt that.
this is like your wildest dreams and nightmares had a baby, and its wearing a tutu
we're 99% sure your pc wont explode
if organized chaos sounds like an oxymoron, you're starting to get it.
this mod is proof that sleep deprivation leads to... well, this.
just stay away from the sussies
meow
sponsored by those shower thoughts that keep you awake
did you know that ducks have corkscrew-shaped... nvm this is gettin weird
if you enjoy this, you should see a professional. just sayin
this was designed using a random word generator and too much caffeine
dont worry the giant flying eyeball is harmless. probably.
sponsored by rakija
this mod feels like experimental potion #13
may induce the sudden realization that your houseplants are judging you
you're just dreaming
wake up
we take no responsibility for any inexplicable knowledge of penguin mating rituals you may acquire
i think we might've broke the fifth wall
did you know that jellyfish dont have brains? the devs dont either!
we're not responsible for sudden desires to talk to animals.. or become one.
the result of an alien abduction, expired coffee, and a broken rubik's cube
sanity whats that? its a number in the top left of your screen..
why? idk
you better read all these texts <3
ILTWYKS
"put me out of my misery" - one of the devs
this mod ate my cpu